I would like to fix one thing and then release this as 1.3.0.  Note, I do know I have some changes to make for the Graphics on the walkthru.

Things to Test:
1. You can now create a new occasion when adding a card to the gallery.  What do you think of the User Experience? (feature - Add to both the Occaions and Card Pickers in the Recipient view - ability to add a new item)
2. Added ability to edit a recipient's address and more (is this discoverable?)
3. Added ability to classification a recipient: i.e. work, family, friends. etc.
4. Added new launch startup screen - Please go thru and provide feedback.  Note I am seeing an issue still with it not showing prior created values
6. Changed toolbar items to better align with apple standards (first pass), and changed some icons.
7. Added descriptions on Occasions screen, feedback on language would be helpful
8. Updated default color options on various UI elements

Known bugs:
1. Bug in macOS - can’t access Camera even if setting says permitted
2. Bag in macOS - if you change the name of a card, you lose the picture and can’t update

Things yet to come:
1. Correct VisionOS layout issues
2. Resolve issue with Receipient Title, with Cards Sent, changing from color to black
3. Bug Fix - on the delete for the Card App - Issue is that the Occasions list needs to remove the array element after the Child is deleted
4. Update the slide view to fill the slide with the card image and make the click on the image give you the full screen view

Potential Features to develop:
1. Add filter by name option in the Card picker view
1. Add card name to the add Card to receipient view
1. Add an app intent to show a gallery of a specific occasions' cards
1. Add ability to click on a card in the gallery and see all the people it was sent to and when
1. Add a date range to the PDF Print option so you can print all Christmas cards for a specific year (as an example)
1. Change Card overlays to be pop-up menus
1. Add overlay information on name, vendor etc. to full screen card
1. Added filters by recipient catagory

Other notes -- Can't get menuing to work for the Card Edits...
